# The KabalaCompany
The Kabala is a wholesale company that buys and reseal cows, goat and pigs.
# 1.   COMPANY DESCRIPTION

The Kabala is a wholesale company that buys and reseal cows, goat and pigs.

Main suppliers of these products are farmers.

 

## 1.   EMPLOYEE DESCRIPTION

The company has employees that make orders from suppliers and handle orders from customers. Each employee has a name, whether the employee can log in on the system, their password, their logon credential (email address) as well as their password, their phone number, their email address, when they were employed, when their contract will end (some employees have an indefinite duration contract), their date of birth. Each employee has a preferred name and this name appears on the on the application when they log in. 

Employees should have specific right to the application such as making an order to a supplier, processing an order from a customer, editing an order for a customer or a supplier. Some have more than 1 right and some have full right to do everything.

# 2.   BUYING FROM SUPPLIERS PROCESS

The Kabala places an order to a supplier for a specific quantity of animals by indicating the delivery date. It usually takes 3 days for order to be delivered. However, sometimes due to specific issues, an order may be fulfilled up to 2 days later. 

An order is basically an email that is generated by an application and sent to a supplier. Most often, the employee making the order would need to call the supplier to verify if they received the order. After the order is placed, detailed information about the order will be recorded in the system and people should be able to see all orders. 

When an order is not delivered on the specified date, if the supplier had not contacted the company to provide an explanation, an employee at the company will reach out to the customer and ask for a reason why the order was not fulfilled. After getting the reason, this should be put in the database with a summary explanation. If no reasons if provided or the employee does not get the supplier on the phone, it should be noted recorded that no reason for provided for such and such. If a supplier has 3 unjustified no deliveries, or if the supplier has 5 justified orders, the company cannot place an order to that supplier. 

The price of a particular animal is determined by weight of animal. For example, a cow would value $3.5 per Kg, a goat will value $1.5 per kg and a pig would value $2.8 per kg. The total price of an animal will be its weight times its value per 1 Kg. For example, a cow that weighs 900 will cost $3150.

Every animal has a minimum and a maximum weight. 

The table below summarizes the weight and the price per Kg information. 

  

| Animal | Minimum Weight (Kg) | Maximum Weight (Kg) | Price per Kg (USD) |
| ------ | ------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| Cow    | 600                 | 1700                | 3.5                |
| Goat   | 50                  | 150                 | 1.5                |
| Pig    | 80                  | 160                 | 2.8                |

 

When the animals are supplied, employees from the company verifies the weight of animals to account for their weight depending on an animal and their weight, its price is determined directly by the software.

After weighing all the animals, the total price of the order will display the employee can proceed with the transaction and the supplier’s bank account will be debited instantaneously. 

The company knows the following about a supplier:  the name of the supplier, what each supplier supplies, the bank account of the supplier, the bank name, a primary and an alternative email address and the physical address of the supplier.

 

# 3.   SELLING TO CUSTOMER PROCESS

After animals have been bought, the available animals get in the inventory. 

Customer place a purchase order for specific animals. With even preference in weight. 

A customer may order via the phone or via email. It has to be noted that in the future, this process will be fully automated after the online application is built. 

When an order is placed: the following information are recorded: 

The name of the customer, what has been ordered, the amount of what has been order, the pick-up date. 

An order from a customer takes on average 3 days to process. On the day of the delivery, the customer will show up at the company to pick up his order. After he verifies his order, an employee will bill the customer, the customer’s account will be credited instantaneously and the companies account will be debited at the same time. 

If a customer does not show up, an follow up on him will be made by an employee. A reason of why he did not show up should be provided. After 5 no show by a customer, the customer may not be able to place an order any more. 

If an order is place by a new customer, the employer receiving an order should record all the necessary information about the customer.

When a customer makes an order, the following should be recorded: the name of the customer, what has been order, the quantity of what has been ordered, the pick-up date by the customer.  

If a customer has made more than 10 order per year and has a no show for that year, he will receive a discount on his first purchase the following year. With this, a coupon code that is usable only once will be given to the employee. The company management shall determine how much of a discount should be given to a particular customer.

The company knows the following about a customer: the name of the customer, the bank account of the customer, the bank name, a primary and an alternative email address and the physical address of the customer.
